>> Sean Larkin: So here our goals.
Now, don't want you all
to feel intimidated.
I don't want you to think like, my gosh,
I can't do this, this is such a high bar.
But this is, what I've found in my
research in the real-world examples today.
If you want a high
performance web application
that not only can be fast
loading on a computer.
But fast loading on a mobile device,
even fast loading in emerging markets.
If you're catering your product or
you're trying to reach
consumers in Africa, in India.
In even places in China and Japan,
you need to be able to have an extremely
small amount of JavaScript that you
shipping on your initial experience.
And from the most case I found that
really, it's only about 200-300
kilobytes uncompressed to get
your initial experience loaded.
So, 200 KB total from all
the JavaScript that you shipping,
should be what you're targeting, right?
And then 100 KB, uncompressed of CSS.
And so
those are really the really small numbers.
And I really wanna stress,
do not feel intimidated.
One of the things that I've talked about
is that you can take and start like,
let's say 500 kilobytes as you're goal.
But I want you to keep these
numbers in mind as we're looking.
We're understanding what we
can do to reduce the amount
of initial resources that
our app has to download.
And then, finally for H2 and Http,
6 for H1 I guess I could say.
Six is the average, six to eight,
depending on the browser.
And then for H2 around 20 to 35 sometimes
50 depending on your
server infrastructure.
And then finally,
one of the most important statistics.
Which I think, people miss more than
anything is this code coverage.
And there really is today only
one tool that can measure it and
it's in Chrome dev tools.
And so that's why, you know, like, John
why you loading Chrome if your work for
the Edge team?
And it's like, this is actually why,
because this specific tool I use for
web performance auditing.
And so, when I say 90% code coverage,
that means.
When you download your initial
experience 90% of that code that you're
shipping is actually used, right?
Super important to think about.